Tree Terminologies
1.Root :
        The main head of the whole Tree
2.Parent
3.Child
4.Siblings
5.Descendants:
            Nodes below the particular node are descendents
6.Ancestors:
            Nodes above the particular node are Ancestors
7.Degree
8.Internal Nodes:
            having degree more than 0
9.External Node:
            all leaf nodes or degree equals zero
10. Levels:
            Starts from one
11. Height:
            Starts from zero
12. Forest: Collection of trees.

Types OF trees
1.General Tree:
            A tree is called a general tree when there is no constraint imposed on the hierarchy of the tree.
            In General Tree, each node can have infinite number of children.
2.Binary Tree:
            Binary tree is the type of tree in which each parent can have at most two children.
            The children are referred to as left child or right child.
3.Binary Search Tree:
            Binary Search Tree (BST) is an extension of Binary tree with some added constraints.
            In BST, the value of the left child of a node must be smaller than or equal to the value
            of its parent and the value of the right child is always larger than or equal
            to the value of its parent.
4.AVL Tree:
            AVL tree is a self-balancing binary search tree. The name AVL is given on the name of its inventors Adelson-Velshi and Landis.
            This was the first dynamically balancing tree.

Types of Binary trees
1.Full Binary Tree:  A Binary Tree is a full binary tree if every node has 0 or 2 children. 
2.Complete Binary Tree: A Binary Tree is a complete Binary Tree if all the levels are completely filled except possibly the last level and
                        the last level has all keys as left as possible.
3.Perfect Binary Tree: A Binary tree is a Perfect Binary Tree in which all the internal nodes have two children and all leaf nodes are at the same level. 
4.Balanced Binary Tree: 
5.A degenerate (or pathological) tree: A Tree where every internal node has one child. 
                                       Such trees are performance-wise same as linked list. 


